Create&shcedule a data retention/maintenance job (for dev purpose)

1. Prerequisite
We need an impala&kudu&datacatalog environment with default '_data_catalog' database that has the latest adom table schemas and UDFs deployed.

If you do not have the mentioned environment, we can create one.
(1) fazudf
Compile this C++ program first to generate the .so lib file.
This file will be used by data.catalog or impala docker to deploy UDFs.

(2) impala&kudu database
Some existing docker files will deploy .so file generated by fazudf to hdfs to create UDFs.
docker-compose -f docker-compose-simulator_etl.yml up impala

(3) data.catalog setup
Compile first so that the udf creation script (called 'udf_fazbd_cpp.sql') is copied from the fazudf project.
Check src/main/resources to see whether there exists a 'udf_fazbd_cpp.sql' file after compilation.
Change 'server.port' param from '8080' to '8083' (or other ports that is free to use) in application.properties

Start data.catalog project. If this project is started successfully, you would be able to access the following link:
http://<IP>:8083/datacatalog/swagger-ui.html

2. Start db.management.task project

# Modify application.properties under 'src/main/resources/'
Chnage 'ports' from '8080:8080' to '8081:8081' (or other ports that is free to use).

# Start db.management.task through IDE
The APIs can be accessed through: http://<IP>:8081/task/swagger-ui.html

3. Start db.management.api project

# Modify application.properties under 'src/main/resources/'
Set 'webclient.url.bd-task' to '<IP>:8081' (Remember we change this port to 8081 in db.management.task)
Set 'webclient.url.datacatalog' to '<IP>:8083' (Remember we change this port to 8083 in data.catalog setup)

# Start db.management.api through IDE
The APIs can be accessed through: http://<IP>:8080/management/swagger-ui.html

4. Workflow to create&schedule a data retention/maintenance job

(1) Create a new Adom

# Access db.management.api web page
http://<IP>:8080/management/swagger-ui.html

# Run management command to create new adom
```json
# /v1/data/adoms
param:
{
  "adomId": "adomWan2",
  "adomName": "adomWan2",
  "alertUsage": 0,
  "async": true,
  "backupPhases": {
    "coldPhase": {
      "enableColdPhase": true,
      "phaseAge": 0,
      "unit": "day"
    },
    "warmPhase": {
      "enableWarmPhase": true,
      "phaseAge": 0,
      "unit": "day"
    }
  },
  "description": "string",
  "deviceType": "fgt",
  "force": true,
  "maxAllowed": 2,
  "partitionPeriod": 1,
  "percentageDB": 1,
  "properties": {},
  "retentionArchive": 0,
  "retentionDB": 0,
  "retentionPeriod": 30,
  "tasks": {
    "maintenanceTask": {
      "cronExp": "0 */2 1 1 * ? *"
    },
    "rolloverTask": {
      "cronExp": "0 */2 1 1 * ? *"
    }
  },
  "tenantId": "",
  "unit": "day"
}
```
